---
layout: page
sidebar: right
title:  "Ke joins SJTU "
teaser: "This is a example of page/post with a sidebar on the left."
breadcrumb: true
tags:
    - PandaX
categories:
    - announcement
image:
    title: banner2.jpg
    caption_url: http://unsplash.com
---

My current research focuses on exploring fundamental properties of neutrinos, specifically the nature of neutrinos, the origin of its mass, and the total number of flavors. I have been a member of the CUORE experiment to search for neutrinoless double-beta decay of Te-130 with a large bolometer array. Since 2013, I have been working a Physics Coordinator to oversee data analysis, simulation, and computing effort of the collaboration. More recently I started working on the PROSPECT project to search for sterile neutrinos and measure reactor neutrino spectrum precisely. I am a founding member of the collaboration and leading the design of photo multiplier tube assembly. I am also especially interested in characterizing liquid scintillator response to positrons and collaborating with the beam physics lab here to develop a tunable mono-energetic positron beam for detector calibration.
<!--more-->

<h3>Collaborations:</h3>
 
    * 2009 - present: CUORE (Neutrinoless double-beta decay of Te-130)
        -  Elected senior Physics Coordinator; Oversee data analysis, simulation, and computing effort of the collaboration.
        - Led data analyses of neutrinoless double-beta decay search in CUORE-0 (published recently in Physical Review Letters). 
        - Detector R&D and radioactive background mitigation. 
     
    * 2014 - present: PROSPECT (Sterile neutrino search)
        - Detector development. 
        - Optical simulation to optimize light collection of PROSPECT detectors.
        - Proposed  to study non-linearity of  scintillator light yield using  a Compton spectrometer; Supervising students to set up the spectrometer.
        - Constructing a tunable mono-energetic positron beam to calibrate  PROSPECT detectors (in collaboration with the Beam Physics group at Yale).
     
    * 2009 - 2012: KamLAND (reactor neutrino experiment)
        - Studied and improved the linearity of energy and vertex reconstruction algorithm of the KamLAND detector.
        - Participated the full volume energy calibration of KamLAND
     
    * 2004 - 2009: LSSS (Lunar Soil Strangelet Search: search for stable strangelet in lunar soil using the accelerator mass spectrometry technique)
        - PhD thesis project. Published in PRL | (PRL Synopsis: Strangelets in the night).

## Other Post Formats
{: .t60 }
{% include list-posts tag='post format' %}
